doc: Update FWU with external memory docs (#18054)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_suit_external_memory.rst

             suit-parameter-image-digest:
               suit-digest-algorithm-id: cose-alg-sha-256
               suit-digest-bytes:
                 file: {{ flash_companion['binary'] }}
         - suit-directive-fetch:
           - suit-send-record-failure
         # Verify integrity of the companion binary in the envelope.
         - suit-condition-image-match:
           - suit-send-record-success
           - suit-send-record-failure
           - suit-send-sysinfo-success
           - suit-send-sysinfo-failure
         # Copy companion into local RAM.
         - suit-directive-set-component-index: 3
         - suit-directive-override-parameters:
             suit-parameter-source-component: 1
         - suit-directive-copy:
           - suit-send-record-failure
         # Verify integrity of the companion binary in the local RAM.
         - suit-condition-image-match:
           - suit-send-record-success
           - suit-send-record-failure
           - suit-send-sysinfo-success
           - suit-send-sysinfo-failure
         # Boot the companion application.
         - suit-directive-invoke:
           - suit-send-record-failure

>       The update procedure robustness may be further improved by copying all integrity checks from the ``suit-install`` to the ``suit-candidate-verification`` sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To further improve the update procedure robustness, you can copy all integrity checks from the ``suit-install`` to the ``suit-candidate-verification`` sequence.
```

>    #. Append flash companion binary as integrated payload inside SUIT envelope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Append the flash companion binary as integrated payload inside SUIT envelope:
```

      This snippet assumes that ``CACHE_POOL`` is the third component on the manifest's components list (so its component index is 2)

> #. If your application uses radio core, modify the radio manifest file :file:`rad_envelope.yaml.jinja2` by completing the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. If your application uses the radio core, modify the radio core manifest file :file:`rad_envelope.yaml.jinja2` by completing the following steps:
```

> #. If your application uses the radio core, modify the radio core manifest file :file:`rad_envelope.yaml.jinja2` by completing the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If your application uses the radio core, complete the following steps to modify the radio core manifest file :file:`rad_envelope.yaml.jinja2`:
```

   a. Modify the ``CACHE_POOL`` identifier in the SUIT manifest:

      .. code-block:: yaml

         suit-components:
             ...
         - - CACHE_POOL
           - 1

      The ``CACHE_POOL`` identifier must match the identifier of the cache partition defined in the DTS file.

   #. Add the ``suit-payload-fetch`` sequence:

      .. code-block:: yaml

         suit-payload-fetch:
         - suit-directive-set-component-index: 2
         - suit-directive-override-parameters:
             suit-parameter-uri: 'file://{{ radio['binary'] }}'
         - suit-directive-fetch:
           - suit-send-record-failure

>       This snippet assumes that ``CACHE_POOL`` is the third component on the manifest's components list (so its component index is 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This snippet assumes that ``CACHE_POOL`` is the third component on the manifest's components list (so its component index is ``2``)
```
